Good morning, have a good day here to ask for a
help you pro evolution soccer
I bought can not play online
I'll show you the message you give.
but before that I'll show you what
it's happening
Good game, this game also I do not have 2011
of 11 2 thousand
Since when did you always seem to be
I played what 's there is 2013 will enter
to play online here for you to see
That's part of the fucking thing.
the exchange is sending paranormal seek
normal search
there he found the player there
I tried to play the game.
today Sunday October 3
it's almost 11 in the morning I tried to play
but the server connection of the
economy that is super super full
now I'm going to put 2014 here for you
the problem you 're seeing to see if
Can someone help me?
honestly I will migrate there put fifa
also complicated
play pro evolution
Let's try to play here, starting with
a ranking
this is the message that appears I do not
I can play since yesterday a beautiful
present on the newest and for the day of
child who has never proved luxury comes
House tries to play this message.
or 2003 I can play normal
that's what the economy did with us
I think I'm going to buy fifa and
be happy
if anyone has a suggestion for help there
thank you thank you